  1. If you are afraid of the proliferation of electricity throughout society because it can cause electrocution when incorrectly applied, then you are irrational;
    1.1 To fill in the blanks, it is irrational to fear real innovation, that which is not understood during its phase of creation and implementation;
    1.2 Be careful of charlatanism, it can result in both direct/indirect murder (electrocution in another age), and is purely of a charismatic form;
      1.2.1 They stifle innovation by generating noise;
  2. The money printing press (and the infinite digital money (token) glitch) will have the same fate as the printing press;
  3. To pay our respects to the past, by being optimistic about the future; while building the better future;
  4. For a partially-transparent protocol to absorb incoherent banks and governments; be paranoid if you are incoherent and devoid of substance;
  5. To rain food from the sky;
  6. ⨁
  7. Sovereign-citizen ideologies are a sociologically emergent phenomenon and a signal for what is emerging. At a higher level, those people are rejecting the increasingly incoherent, low-quality and redundant government.
     Governance to tax for suppression's sake is immoral; (hint – taxation is redundant in the age of compute, there is a trivial economic trick to remove taxation and all of its associated white collar labour [REDUNDANT]). Governments are becoming increasingly redundant due to communications technology and the internet.
     Now classical governance is a form of monkeying with the technologies that will supersede their inefficient and ancient social organisation (pre-electricity and pre-compute). Welcome to an age of intelligent and distributed compute. As nature flows, observe the emergent superior (fitter and efficient) organism devour the weaker to propagate life, with the promise of abundance, and hopefully an increase in the birth rate. 
     Such ebbs and flows are written in thousands of years of history, hence it is deeply human to overthrow that which is redundant (indirectly suppressive through inefficiency).


